auth-backend: migrate microsoft provider to separate module (#20120)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/swift-steaks-fetch.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend-module-microsoft-provider': minor
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': patch
---

> Migrated the Microsoft auth provider to be implemented using the new `@backstage/plugin-auth-backend-module-microsoft-provider` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated the Microsoft auth provider to new `@backstage/plugin-auth-backend-module-microsoft-provider` module package.
```
